[Music]
i knew when i saw you didn't care about
the party
wishing all of these people would just
head out
so we can talk i could tell by the smile
when you ask where to write your name on
my wall
wish i met you at 16 wish i could have
taken you to prom
better late than never i see us spending
days together
hi hello we're the 8 a.m cruise so we
get to leave like 10 minutes early
for our philosophy class that we all
have together we're headed to
the academic center and we're going to
go in there and take our
class i'm not ready for this
[Music]
[Applause]
so i just finished up class and now i'm
headed back up to the lofts this weekend
huh i'm just holding a school day i'll
see you in viscom
that'll never look as it is in person
hi guys oh man i'm so sore it is
now around 9 30 and i just got back from
my recent self class
which is a required philosophy class i
took classes like that in high school so
it's all kind of familiar
but definitely not my favorite that's
for sure i mean our teacher is really
nice and everything is just
actual class is just not my favorite as
you saw i had dance this morning
i didn't film a lot of it once i'm a
little more comfortable like
in front of my teammates and like
there's just a lot going on and not a
lot of down time to like stop and
start the camera so once i like kind of
get that figured out
then i'll film more of it and once we
have a lot to show but today was our
conditioning practice i didn't have to
be there until seven
then i have from seven to like 7 50 and
then
i go to the philosophy class at eight so
i go straight from dance
to my philosophy class so i look like
this
in philosophy class which is fine like i
don't care that much
because like also you can only see this
much of me i'm gonna take a shower and
i'm gonna get ready
so let's go ahead and do that
i don't wanna let you down it's the only
thing i think about every morning
you know my life ain't figured out but i
promise if you stick around it'll never
get boring
we'll spend nights cheap red wine
look at flats even though we can't
afford em
i don't wanna let you down
i don't wanna lose you now
[Music]
will you stay even when you want to walk
away
when times get bad
we can learn to love what we have
i finished getting ready earlier than i
thought so i have about a half an hour
40 minutes until i need to leave for my
viscom class so i'm gonna get some
homework done
i have a lot of homework that i need to
work on today so i think i'm gonna do
my two comp worksheets and then
hopefully
i can get those done by the time i need
to go
[Music]
so there's two different ways to walk
down from the lofts and this is like the
driveway part
and then you've seen the stairs
obviously but this is the fastest way to
my art class because it's
in like a it's like the art facility
so i'm walking there and i have that
class with ashley
[Music]
they're all so good here's my to-do list
for this week
are you doing a dance stress dance
[Music]
hey
um
so i have my agp in like 10 minutes
like the grading with the coach and then
i'm doing weight training after so i'm
not getting are you trying to wait we
don't i just
i'm gonna go do it introduce yourselves
[Laughter]
boise idaho i feel across here svu
i feel really self-conscious oh me
yeah i'm just going around you guys are
my friends so they should be drawing
i'm from st george utah they know
lindsay
ashley this is parker i'm parker from
dallas texas
look who it is look at that man
introduce yourself um hi my name is
cheerleader
she's
and i will see you guys later catch you
later
[Music]
there must be something bad
she's a monalisa
when you were younger you didn't see
things
quite the same as you do now
but now you're older you find that
sometimes
you wish you had stayed a clown
never ever knowing whether you're
going or going
and right now that sounds like
ray's idea
but hey let's not get down about
being a clown or running away from town
because you eat so well and your friends
can
tell when that pastry is all so brown
never ever
[Music]
maybe you smoke too much and you drink
too
much but as long as you
can get back to home base
well that's fine by me
and that's fine by everyone else
hello my friends i went to class
and got out at like 3 30 and i've been
doing econ homework
until like 10 minutes ago i'm going to
library for this and stay probably call
it closes
[Music]
this is like a candy bar but like it's
protein so it's like
good i mean kind of right not really
actually
there's like candy bars
i feel like we're being really boring
we're just eating we're all we're yeah
we're a little
tired it's been a long day i just woke
up i have no idea if my econ homework
was right
i'm so bad at the graphing i think this
is right
do i know no i do not was i going to go
to office hours today
yes i was did the time not work out no
it did not work out
am i screwed probably
welcome to college i put two packets of
caffeine in my water bottle
so i could go to the library
and stay awake i knew if i went back
there
it was gonna be game over i was gonna go
to sleep and i was like
i can't do that
we should all invest in a punching bag
wouldn't that be so useful i'll be
showing you my fenced
profile picture
[Music]
today
i'm not really sure what i'm doing next
and my camera is going to die so
this is my finger
how
[Music]
the joke's not funny unless i'm crying
hello
kyler blocks up i know kyler from efy
yeah
whoa all right so it is currently 8 30
and i just got back from the library
my camera died during dinner so i wasn't
able to film like going to the library
but ashley and i went to the library and
finished up some work
so that was really nice i met someone
who's in my econ class
and we checked over the homework
together which was really nice because i
was
definitely worried about that so got
that done
i am feeling hungry i've been doing
intermittent fasting
but i'm feeling hungry so i'm going to
finish this
um protein bar fix one more thing on my
econ and we're going to turn it in
so yeah i'll keep you updated on
anything else i do today
do you know what everyone is no kid's
the only one out there
parker and spencer didn't text back
which isn't like them
and then
i don't feel like you've like talked at
all hi
no i haven't talked to them yet i look
oily
i think i'm gonna make some herbal tea
because i'm feeling that right now
i'll probably just get ready for bed
nobody's doing anything i'm kind of
sad yeah i was hoping we would like find
something to do
yeah i mean i am tired so i kind of like
i'm kind of fine with it but also i feel
like this video has been kind of
anticlimactic like we haven't really
done anything
i'm gonna go out here and ask an okay i
think that's where one is
none of them are out there at all
they're probably all dead tired and just
went to bed
so this is what i like to do when it's
my quiet time at night i don't do this
every night but
if i'm like getting ready for bed i
usually like to turn my himalayan salt
lamp on just because it
sets the mood so what a long day
oh my goodness
jeez is it the first time i've come up
here since like
like before i went to viscom wow i got a
lot done
and by a lot i mean everything i need
for tomorrow
and then it starts all over again baby i
am going to watch my
show because i look forward to watching
this show
and i don't watch it if i have stuff
that i'm supposed to be doing so i'll
watch in the morning while i get ready
and then like
after everything's turned in drink my
herbal tea
and watch the man in the high castle
oh hello
hello riley how are y'all just thought
i'd say
love ya hope you're having a fantastic
day
once i'm too bad yeah we just wanted to
leave you a message you know
cause i'm your favorite roommate
anyways you're doing homework right now
and
i'm about to do some homework but i
wanted to say hi
it's not mine no i love you i love
fashion
i'm about to do homework anyways okay
bye
how do
[Music]
why am i attracted a silly little boy